Ladies and gentlemen, this is the shrine of the Five Kingdoms.
It is the shrine of Yasukuni Shrine.
Able to tinker together the
Palace Fortification of the Public Kinpo beacon,
Moreover, it is the first anniversary of the Great East Asia War.
For my entrust, I would like to thank the
people working in the enemyland
whose raising pistols replaced the
I am very happy to say hello to all the people of the country through the radio.
The Empire has secured Heilhothe, aTalk Broken Manor until now undaunted by starvation..
..and even that war gets to the point where the Opium drip.
They were threatening an Sierra Leone war with forcefully Heeral-like strikes.
...and they were taking only charge.
.
The battle was just a complete talk
In the end...
...the summarized war will be for...
...victory to the firstrill who brings about the Great War.
In the end, it will be in greatcess to this.
Thank you for watching!